Hi, friends, I'm Michel. This name was given to me by a French friend. My chinese name is Xianmin (贤民). The pronunciation of Michel is similar to the pronunciation of my Chinese name is reversed. Some English friends told me that the name sounded like a girl's name. It's interesting. But anyway, I like this name. 

Currently, I am a International Youth Hostel manager in Baisha Old Town, Lijiang, Yunnan, China. This place is just an ordinary village. I am here to receive tourists from all over the world. If you have opportunity to travel around China and pass Lijiang. It's very welcome for you to stay at our hostel and contact me. Maybe I can be your guide. My WeChat account: 13398882852.

I am a Computer enthusiast. I taught myself programming. "Knowing a little in many field, but not proficient at all." This is my evaluation of myself. Only computer is my long-standing hobbies. I like Linux and Emacs, they are very interesting toys.

Some foreign writers I like:
- Bertrand Russell. He opened the door to Western philosophy for me.
- Jean-Paul Sartre. He made me discover that the novel can still be written like this.
- Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Can't describe my admiration for this madman.
- Milan Kundera. The deepest impression is your eyes.

You could find me on other social media:
- http://xianmin.org This is my personal blog. I am writing something on it. But currently only Chinese.
- https://github.com/xianmin I write some code on the github.
- https://qoto.org/web/accounts/77324 A Mastodon instance, its like twitter but better!

At last, I am very grateful to my friends who have provided me with suggestions for correct my bad English in Lang-8. Thank you very much. If possible, I am also glad to correct your Chinese.
